Before we package the project and check all the changes that we made in this section, let's do a
little refactoring. If we look at our GetWeaponComponent and GetHealthComponent functions,
we will see that these functions are practically the same, the only difference is the type of component
we want to receive. Therefore, it makes sense to separate them into one template function. Let's add a new
header file, place it in the root of the project, in the public directory, call it STUUtils.
Click the Add button.
We declare a class. We call it STUUtils.
Add a public section and create a template function, the function will be static.
Will return a pointer to type T. We call the function GetSTUPlayerComponent. Let's add one parameter to the
function - this is a pointer to the pawn, so that this template function does not depend on how
we receive the pawn. Because in widget, for example, this is a specific GetOwningPlayerPawn function.
We copy the body of any of the functions, paste it into our template function. The pointer to pawn
is now passed in a parameter, so we check this pointer, if it is nullptr, then we return nullptr.
Next, we also use this PlayerPawn pointer. Instead of a concrete component class, we
substitute the template parameter T. In Cast, we also substitute this parameter.
And we can simply revert the cast to the type of component we are requesting. That is, we added a templated function
that returns a pointer to a specific pawn component type, if any.
We include the STUUtils header file.
And we will rewrite all the functions for receiving components through our template function: for the health component, we specify
HealthComponent as template parameters and pass a pointer to pawn - GetOwningPlayerPawn.
We do the same with another function, where we call the HealthComponent.
And we do the same procedure for the WeaponComponent.
We delete these two functions, we no longer need them, we also clean them in the .h file.
And you can also remove the forward declaration. Let's go to the BaseWeapon class, remove the call to the LogAmmo function, because now
everything is displayed in the interface and launched. I've tweaked the design of our widget a bit.
Moved the lives down, also changed the color of all elements except the scopes to a darker one.
For icons, this needs to be done in the bind function itself when we set up the SlateBrush.
Also changed the names of all UI elements to more readable ones. It looks more neat now.
Let's check the project in assembly. To do this, select the development or debug
configuration so that trace is visible and pack it under windows.
We are waiting for a while.
The game was packed without errors. This concludes this section.